All right.
So we're going to move on to user interface design. Now UI design is a huge discipline and it cannot
be understated how long it takes to really hone in the skills of good UI design.
It takes a good eye, it takes a lot of practice and it takes a lot of trial and error as well. But we're
not going to tell you how to get a job in user interface design,
but what we are going to teaching is what are the most important parts of user interface design
that applies to mobile app design.
How do you create a user interface that is engaging, that is beautiful and also creates an emotional
response from the user to make your apps look lovable and beautiful?
So let's get started.